Now it happened when Sen Ballot, Tobaya,
Now it happened when Sen Ballot, Tobaya, Gisham the Arab, and the rest of our
Gisham the Arab, and the rest of our
Gisham the Arab, and the rest of our enemies heard that I had rebuilt the
enemies heard that I had rebuilt the
enemies heard that I had rebuilt the wall and that there were no breaks left
wall and that there were no breaks left
wall and that there were no breaks left in it. Though at that time I had not
in it. Though at that time I had not
in it. Though at that time I had not hung the doors in the gates that Sbalot
hung the doors in the gates that Sbalot
hung the doors in the gates that Sbalot and Gisham sent to me, "Come, let us
and Gisham sent to me, "Come, let us
and Gisham sent to me, "Come, let us meet together among the villages in the
meet together among the villages in the
meet together among the villages in the plain of Ono. But they thought to do me
plain of Ono. But they thought to do me
plain of Ono. But they thought to do me harm. So I sent messengers to them,
harm. So I sent messengers to them,
harm. So I sent messengers to them, saying, I am doing a great work, so that
saying, I am doing a great work, so that
saying, I am doing a great work, so that I cannot come down. Why should the work
I cannot come down. Why should the work
I cannot come down. Why should the work cease while I leave it and go down to
cease while I leave it and go down to
cease while I leave it and go down to you? But they sent me this message four
you? But they sent me this message four
you? But they sent me this message four times. And I answered them in the same
times. And I answered them in the same
times. And I answered them in the same manner. Then Sbalot sent his servant to
manner. Then Sbalot sent his servant to
manner. Then Sbalot sent his servant to me as before, the fifth time, with an
me as before, the fifth time, with an
me as before, the fifth time, with an open letter in his hand.
open letter in his hand.
open letter in his hand. In it was written,
In it was written,
In it was written, it is reported among the nations and
it is reported among the nations and
it is reported among the nations and Gisham says that you and the Jews plan
Gisham says that you and the Jews plan
Gisham says that you and the Jews plan to rebel. Therefore, according to these
to rebel. Therefore, according to these
to rebel. Therefore, according to these rumors, you are rebuilding the wall that
rumors, you are rebuilding the wall that
rumors, you are rebuilding the wall that you may be their king. And you have also
you may be their king. And you have also
you may be their king. And you have also appointed prophets to proclaim
appointed prophets to proclaim
appointed prophets to proclaim concerning you at Jerusalem, saying,
concerning you at Jerusalem, saying,
concerning you at Jerusalem, saying, There is a king in Judah. Now these
There is a king in Judah. Now these
There is a king in Judah. Now these matters will be reported to the king. So
matters will be reported to the king. So
matters will be reported to the king. So come therefore and let us consult
come therefore and let us consult
come therefore and let us consult together.
together.
together. Then I sent to him, saying, "No such
Then I sent to him, saying, "No such
Then I sent to him, saying, "No such things as you say are being done, but
things as you say are being done, but
things as you say are being done, but you invent them in your own heart.
you invent them in your own heart.
you invent them in your own heart. For they all were trying to make us
For they all were trying to make us
For they all were trying to make us afraid, saying, Their hands will be
afraid, saying, Their hands will be
afraid, saying, Their hands will be weakened in the work, and it will not be
weakened in the work, and it will not be
weakened in the work, and it will not be done."
done."
done." Now therefore, oh God, strengthen my
Now therefore, oh God, strengthen my
Now therefore, oh God, strengthen my hands.
Afterward, I came to the house of
Afterward, I came to the house of Sheimea, the son of Delea, the son of
Sheimea, the son of Delea, the son of
Sheimea, the son of Delea, the son of Mahave, who was a secret informer.
Let us meet together in the house of God
Let us meet together in the house of God within the temple, and let us close the
within the temple, and let us close the
within the temple, and let us close the doors of the temple, for they are coming
doors of the temple, for they are coming
doors of the temple, for they are coming to kill you. Indeed, at night they will
to kill you. Indeed, at night they will
to kill you. Indeed, at night they will come to kill you."
come to kill you."
come to kill you." And I said, "Should such a man as I
And I said, "Should such a man as I
And I said, "Should such a man as I flee?
flee?
flee? And who is there such as I who would go
And who is there such as I who would go
And who is there such as I who would go into the temple to save his life? I will
into the temple to save his life? I will
into the temple to save his life? I will not go in."
not go in."
not go in." Then I perceived that God had not sent
Then I perceived that God had not sent
Then I perceived that God had not sent him at all, but that he pronounced this
him at all, but that he pronounced this
him at all, but that he pronounced this prophecy against me because Tobaya and
prophecy against me because Tobaya and
prophecy against me because Tobaya and San Ballot had hired him. For this
San Ballot had hired him. For this
San Ballot had hired him. For this reason he was hired, that I should be
reason he was hired, that I should be
reason he was hired, that I should be afraid and act that way and sin so that
afraid and act that way and sin so that
afraid and act that way and sin so that they might have cause for an evil report
they might have cause for an evil report
they might have cause for an evil report that they might reproach me.
that they might reproach me.
that they might reproach me. My God, remember Tobaya and Sand Balot
My God, remember Tobaya and Sand Balot
My God, remember Tobaya and Sand Balot according to these their works and the
according to these their works and the
according to these their works and the prophetist Noadiah and the rest of the
prophetist Noadiah and the rest of the
prophetist Noadiah and the rest of the prophets who would have made me afraid.
So the wall was finished on the 25th day
So the wall was finished on the 25th day of il in 52 days. And it happened when
of il in 52 days. And it happened when
of il in 52 days. And it happened when all our enemies heard of it and all the
all our enemies heard of it and all the
all our enemies heard of it and all the nations around us saw these things that
nations around us saw these things that
nations around us saw these things that they were very disheartened in their own
they were very disheartened in their own
they were very disheartened in their own eyes for they perceived that this work
eyes for they perceived that this work
eyes for they perceived that this work was done by our God.
was done by our God.
was done by our God. Also in those days the nobles of Judah
Also in those days the nobles of Judah
Also in those days the nobles of Judah sent many letters to Tobaya. And the
sent many letters to Tobaya. And the
sent many letters to Tobaya. And the letters of Tobaya came to them. For many
letters of Tobaya came to them. For many
letters of Tobaya came to them. For many in Judah were pledged to him because he
in Judah were pledged to him because he
in Judah were pledged to him because he was the son-in-law of Shechaniah, the
was the son-in-law of Shechaniah, the
was the son-in-law of Shechaniah, the son of Aon, and his son Jihaan had
son of Aon, and his son Jihaan had
son of Aon, and his son Jihaan had married the daughter of Mishulum,
married the daughter of Mishulum,
married the daughter of Mishulum, the son of Barakayiah. Also they
the son of Barakayiah. Also they
the son of Barakayiah. Also they reported his good deeds before me and
reported his good deeds before me and
reported his good deeds before me and reported my words to him. Tobaya sent
reported my words to him. Tobaya sent
reported my words to him. Tobaya sent letters to frighten me.
letters to frighten me.
letters to frighten me. [Music]